[Replicator] - update docs with current changes (#804)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/developer-tools/aws-replicator/index.mdx

## Introduction

Applications deployed on AWS often depend on shared resources defined outside their own stack, for example a VPC managed by another team.

> Replicating this kind of setup in LocalStack is hard: the dependencies may not live in IaC you have access to, and some resources are referenced by ARN, which is partly random, so simply recreating the resource in LocalStack produces a different ARN.

Reviewer: **nit**: I would not say "replicating this kind of setup...". The word "replication" should be reserved for the product feature I think so we don't confuse users, so "reproducing" may be a better word?

See the [supported resources section](#supported-resources) for details of what policy actions are required for each resource.

> Replication is triggered from a shell that has access to AWS.

Reviewer: **suggestion**:

```suggestion
Replication should be triggered from a shell that has access to AWS.
```
???

# export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=
localstack replicator start \
  --resource-type <resource-type> \
  --resource-identifier <identifier>
```

> Or, if you have the resource's ARN, use `--resource-arn` instead of `--resource-type` and `--resource-identifier`:

Reviewer: **suggestion**: perhaps we should suggest the ARN form first since it's more reliable, and easier to use?

```

`--resource-identifier` means something different for each resource type in batch mode: for `AWS::SSM::Parameter` it's a path prefix (not a wildcard or glob). Check the [supported resources](#supported-resources) table for the identifier format each resource type expects.

**Targeting**:

- `--target-account-id` sets the destination LocalStack account. Defaults to `000000000000`.
- `--target-region-name` sets the destination region. Defaults to the source region.
- `--source-region-name` sets the AWS region to read the resource from. Use it when the resource lives in a different region than your credentials' default region, or when its ARN has no region component, as with S3 buckets.

**Resource-specific configuration**: some resource types accept parameters that aren't covered by the flags above. Pass them with `--extra-config KEY=VALUE` (repeat the flag for multiple entries). For example, replicating an `AWS::RDS::DBCluster` or `AWS::RDS::DBInstance` accepts a `master_user_password`:

```bash
localstack replicator start \
  --resource-type AWS::RDS::DBCluster \
  --resource-identifier my-cluster \
  --extra-config master_user_password=<password>
```

> Check the [supported resources](#supported-resources) table for which resource types accept extra configuration and which keys they support.

Reviewer: **praise**: this is great, it's important to be clear about this feature since it's confusing!

By default, a job fails if the target resource already exists. To skip it instead and continue the job, add `--extra-config ignore_already_existing=true`.

#### Using the HTTP API

To trigger replication via the HTTP API, send a `POST` request to:

```bash
http://localhost.localstack.cloud:4566/_localstack/replicator/jobs
```

with a payload identifying the resource, the replication strategy, and AWS credentials to read it:

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "replication_type": "SINGLE_RESOURCE",
  "replication_job_config": {
    "resource_type": "<resource-type>",
    "resource_identifier": "<identifier>"
  },
  "source_aws_config": {
    "aws_access_key_id": "...", // optional, falls back to the default credential chain (e.g. `AWS_PROFILE`) if omitted

>     "aws_secret_access_key": "...", // optional, same as above

Reviewer: **issue**: I don't think this is true - these fields are _always_ required for the HTTP API. It's the CLI that can read them from the users profile.

Author: good point

}
```

For example, to replicate an SSM parameter named `myparam` using credentials whose default region is `eu-central-1`:

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "replication_type": "SINGLE_RESOURCE",
  "replication_job_config": {
    "resource_type": "AWS::SSM::Parameter",
    "resource_identifier": "myparam"
  },
  "source_aws_config": {
    "aws_access_key_id": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",

>     "aws_secret_access_key": "wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY",

Reviewer: **issue**: I'm not sure I like putting these _almost_ correct looking credentials in here. I would prefer to leave them out as we had them before I think so it's **obvious** that they are not real credentials. It also prevents the user from being able to copy and paste this payload in without having to add correct credentials.

    "region_name": "eu-central-1"
  }
}
```

Use `replication_type: "BATCH"` to discover and replicate every matching resource instead of one.
For example, to replicate all SSM parameters under `/dev/`:

```json
{
  "replication_type": "BATCH",
  "replication_job_config": {
    "resource_type": "AWS::SSM::Parameter",
    "resource_identifier": "/dev/"
  },
  "source_aws_config": {
    "aws_access_key_id": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",

>     "aws_secret_access_key": "wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY",

Reviewer: **issue**: same as above
